Add note about minimum gitlab self hosted supported version (#22)
zane-ops/docs: src/content/docs/knowledge-base/Git/gitlab.mdx

> Introduced in [**v1.11.0**](/changelog/v11)

<Aside title="Version support">

>   ZaneOps supports both gitlab.com and self-managed Gitlab instances version from `16.9.0` or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZaneOps supports both [gitlab.com](https://gitlab.com) and self-managed GitLab instances from version `16.9.0` or higher.
```

Once done, you will be redirected to your gitlab instance and will need to authorize the app again:

<img src={`${ASSETS_SERVER_DOMAIN}/images/authorize-gitlab-app-on-gitlab.com.png`} alt="Authorize gitlab app on gitlab.com" />

> ### Self-hosted Gitlab
> 
> ZaneOps supports both Gitlab.com and self-managed Gitlab instances version 16.9.0 or higher.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Aside title="Version support">
  ZaneOps supports both gitlab.com and self-managed Gitlab instances version from `16.9.0` or higher.
</Aside>
```
replace with this, and put this section at the top of the page.
